api responses now provide media type specific urls (#35)
cybex-gmbh/laravel-transmorpher-client: UPGRADE-GUIDE.md

# Upgrade Guide

## v0.3.0 to v0.4.0

- [Release Notes](CHANGELOG.md#v040)
- [GitHub diff](https://github.com/cybex-gmbh/laravel-transmorpher-client/compare/v0.3.0...v0.4.0)

### Route middleware

> [!NOTE]
> Impact: API routes may not be available

Route middlewares are now fully configurable.

When `transmorpher.routeMiddleware` is not set, the `web` and `auth` middlewares are now applied. `SubstituteBindings` is now always applied.

If you previously published the config file, you will no longer have the `web` middleware applied by default.

> To re-add the `web` middleware, add it to the `transmorpher.routeMiddleware` config key or comment out the line.

Author: ```suggestion
If you need sessions and CSRF protection for the package routes, add the `web` middleware to the `transmorpher.routeMiddleware` config key or comment out the line.
```
